---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "New release v4.21.0"
description: "New features for the Outlook add-in"
published: true
tags: ["new release"]
show_sidebar: true
slug: "v4-21-0"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---

## New features for the Outlook add-in

New launch events and custom code support:

- React to launch events OnMessageRecipientsChanged and OnAppointmentAttendeesChanged.
- Allow adding custom code to the add-in so you can directly influence which signature it will set.  
  For example, you can set a specific signature…
  - …when there are only internal recipients, or another signature when there are external recipients
  - …depending on the from email address
  - …when a specific customer is in the To field
  - …when the current item is a mail or an appointment
  - …when the current item is a new mail, or another signature when it is a reply or a forward
  - …depending on the subject
  - …or any other condition derived from the information available in the customRulesProperties object

See `.\sample code\CustomRulesCode.js` in the Outlook add-in folder for details.

For a comprehensive list of all changes, dependencies, and fixes, please consult the official [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## Turn every small email moment into a professional advantage

Email signatures and out-of-office replies may seem minor, but think about how often people see them.

We help organizations centrally manage and standardize these touchpoints across all users — **unified Outlook branding everywhere, with zero external data exposure.** No manual effort, no inconsistencies, no data leaving your environment. With Set-OutlookSignatures, every email becomes a consistent, secure, and fully controlled brand experience.

👉 See what’s possible for your email setup  
→ [See how it works (2 min)](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/)

👉 Want to try it yourself?  
→ [Quickstart](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/quickstart)

_Not responsible for email setup in your company?_  
Share this article with your IT department or marketing team, they’ll thank you for it.

