---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "New hotfix release v4.20.3"
description: "Fixes for PowerShell quirks and SimulateAndDeploy"
slug: "v4-20-3"
published: true
tags: ["new release"]
show_sidebar: true
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---

## Fixes for PowerShell quirks and SimulateAndDeploy

- Add a workaround for PowerShell 5.1 not correctly converting arrays to JSON when passing them via the InputObject parameter. (<a href="https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/issues/136" target="_blank">#136</a>)
- Fix Set-OutlookSignatures quitting with exit code 14 when using it in SimulateAndDeploy mode for Exchange Online.
- Add a workaround for PowerShell not reliably resolving SMB paths with relative parts to absolute paths in the MSAL.PS module.

For a comprehensive list of all changes, dependencies, and fixes, please consult the official [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## Turn every small email moment into a professional advantage

Email signatures and out-of-office replies may seem minor, but think about how often people see them.

We help organizations centrally manage and standardize these touchpoints across all users — **unified Outlook branding everywhere, with zero external data exposure.** No manual effort, no inconsistencies, no data leaving your environment. With Set-OutlookSignatures, every email becomes a consistent, secure, and fully controlled brand experience.

👉 See what’s possible for your email setup  
→ [See how it works (2 min)](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/)

👉 Want to try it yourself?  
→ [Quickstart](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/quickstart)

_Not responsible for email setup in your company?_  
Share this article with your IT department or marketing team, they’ll thank you for it.

