---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "New hotfix release v4.20.4"
description: "Addressing changes in Microsofts roaming signatures API"
published: true
tags: ["new release"]
show_sidebar: true
slug: "v4-20-4"
permalink: "/blog/:year/:month/:day/:slug"
redirect_from:
  - "/blog/:slug"
  - "/blog/:slug/"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---

## Addressing changes in Microsofts roaming signatures API

- Add workaround for Microsoft internal problems with roaming signatures API, which would result in the following error when uploading roaming signatures to mailboxes which are not the one of the logged-on user (especially in SimulateAndDeploy mode). The log would contain the error 'The response status code for https://localhost:444/owa/service.svc?action=SanitizeHtml action \u0027SanitizeHtml\u0027 is InternalServerError. ReasonPhrase:Internal Server Error'.
- Add hints about probable root causes of empty signatures lists in the log output of the Outlook add-in.

For a comprehensive list of all changes, dependencies, and fixes, please consult the official [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## Turn every small email moment into a professional advantage

Email signatures and out-of-office replies may seem minor, but think about how often people see them.

We help organizations centrally manage and standardize these touchpoints across all users — **unified Outlook branding everywhere, with zero external data exposure.** No manual effort, no inconsistencies, no data leaving your environment. With Set-OutlookSignatures, every email becomes a consistent, secure, and fully controlled brand experience.

👉 See what’s possible for your email setup  
→ [See how it works (2 min)](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/)

👉 Want to try it yourself?  
→ [Quickstart](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/quickstart)

_Not responsible for email setup in your company?_  
Share this page with your IT department or marketing team, they’ll thank you for it.
