---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "New release v4.22.0"
description: "More Outlook add-in customization"
published: true
author: Markus Gruber
tags: ["new release"]
slug: "v4-22-0"
permalink: "/blog/:year/:month/:day/:slug/"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---
## More Outlook add-in customization
The v4.22.0 release brings major changes and customization features to the Outlook add-in:
- Custom rules can now set a completely customized signature body using the new '`customRulesResultSignatureBody`' property, available for Exchange Online.
- Added '`graphAccessToken`' and '`graphApiEndpoint`' properties to custom rules, allowing direct querying of the Graph API for advanced logic (e.g., user properties, group membership).
- The text of the post-signature notification can be set using the new '`customRulesResultNotification`' variable.
- Custom rules can access the current and original notification texts via '`customRulesProperties.notificationCurrent`' and '`customRulesProperties.notificationOriginal`'.
- New boolean properties are available for custom rules to check email context:
  - '`customRulesProperties.itemIsReply`'
  - '`customRulesProperties.itemIsForward`'
  - '`customRulesProperties.itemIsHtml`'
  - '`customRulesProperties.itemIsText`'
- Added the ability to define a custom ID for the add-in, enabling multiple independent configurations in the same environment.

## Further updates
- Added a workaround for the issue in Outlook Web and New Outlook for Windows that resulted in multiple signatures being added to appointments.
- The add-in is now forced to use the Graph API for Exchange Online mailboxes to prepare for the deprecation of EWS.
- Changed the custom rules output variable from '`customRulesPropertiesResult`' to the clearer '`customRulesResultSignatureName`'.
- Fixed an issue to ensure custom rules properties '`itemIsNew`' and '`itemIsReplyForward`' report correctly across platforms.
- Fixed an issue to prevent the add-in from re-using '`customRulesPropertiesResult`' between manual and automatic runs.
- Added comments to the '`manifest.xml`' to clarify mailbox requirements and permissions.

For a comprehensive list of all changes, dependencies, and fixes, please consult the official [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## Interested in learning more or seeing our solution in action?
[Contact us](/contact/) or explore further on our [website](/). We look forward to connecting with you!