---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "New hotfix release v4.20.2"
description: "Update handling of the '@' character in signatures names"
published: true
tags: ["new release"]
show_sidebar: true
slug: "v4-20-2"
permalink: "/blog/:year/:month/:day/:slug"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---

## Update handling of the '@' character in signatures names

Microsoft no longer allows '@' in roaming signature names as it is reserved for internal use, and Microsoft Outlook will follow soon.

This hotfix addresses this change as follws:

- Add '@' to the list of invalid characters for signatures names as documented in sample INI files. The new complete list of invalid characters is '\/:"\*?><,|@'.
- Convert all invalid characters to '_', but '@' to '\_at_'.
- Only keep the '@' character where it is required for Microsoft internal use in roaming signature names.

For a comprehensive list of all changes, dependencies, and fixes, please consult the official [CHANGELOG](https://github.com/Set-OutlookSignatures/Set-OutlookSignatures/blob/main/docs/CHANGELOG.md).

## Turn every small email moment into a professional advantage

Email signatures and out-of-office replies may seem minor, but think about how often people see them.

We help organizations centrally manage and standardize these touchpoints across all users — **unified Outlook branding everywhere, with zero external data exposure.** No manual effort, no inconsistencies, no data leaving your environment. With Set-OutlookSignatures, every email becomes a consistent, secure, and fully controlled brand experience.

👉 See what’s possible for your email setup  
→ [See how it works (2 min)](https://set-outlooksignatures.com)

👉 Want to try it yourself?  
→ [Quickstart](https://set-outlooksignatures.com/quickstart)

_Not responsible for email setup in your company?_  
Share this page with your IT department or marketing team, they’ll thank you for it.
