---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "Signatures in the cloud: The underestimated compliance risk"
description: "Did you know that many signature solutions regularly transfer your Entra ID data and emails to the cloud? We have a secure alternative without data leakage."
published: true
tags: 
slug: "privacy"
permalink: "/blog/:year/:month/:day/:slug"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---
Many companies use cloud signature tools. But do you really know where your data is going?

Signatures cannot usually be created in real time, so they are typically pre-calculated and then made available without delay.

With almost all cloud-based signature solutions, this pre-calculation takes place on the signature provider's systems. To do this, the tools copy large portions of your Entra ID data at intervals of 15–20 minutes: user information, group memberships and much more. This transfer rarely follows the "need-to-know" principle.

The actual application of the signature also often takes place in the provider's cloud. Many overlook what this convenient feature means: your internal and external emails are redirected to the signature provider.

Each company must decide for itself whether these data transfers are desirable and whether they are compatible with its own security and compliance requirements.


## A different approach: signature management without data leakage
**Set-OutlookSignatures takes a fundamentally different approach that meets even the most stringent data protection and security requirements.**

All data remains within your existing environment without exception and is processed exclusively on your own systems.
- No outflow of Entra-ID data.
- No redirection of emails.
- No "phone home".
- Always within the scope of your existing governance and security policies.

The initial investment is just slightly higher, but you immediately benefit from maximum data protection, complete functional coverage and lower costs.


## Why don't other solutions follow this principle?
We all appreciate convenient solutions. Signature providers take the strain off administrators and users, and in return they benefit from the internal savings made by their customers.

This convenience costs more than most people realise:
- Pre-calculation of signatures, requiring read access to your entire Entra ID/Active Directory.
- Coverage of all email clients, requiring redirection of all internal and external emails to your signature provider.
- Not managing Entra ID apps and Outlook add-ins yourself, but granting administrator rights.

However, all these tasks can be completed quickly and easily internally, and the necessary computing power is most likely already available. Above all, it is not necessary to grant another third-party provider extensive access to internal company data or to actively transfer it to their data centres.


## Interested in learning more or seeing our solution in action?
[Contact us](/support) or explore further on our [website](/). We look forward to getting to know you!