---
layout: "post"
lang: "en"
locale: "en"
title: "How secure is your signature management solution really?"
description: "If your signature tool copies data from your directory or your emails to the cloud, you might be compromising compliance."
published: true
tags: 
slug: "privacy"
permalink: "/blog/:year/:month/:day/:slug"
sitemap_priority: 0.5
sitemap_changefreq: monthly
---
If your signature tool copies data from your directory or your emails to the cloud, you might be compromising compliance.

Set-OutlookSignatures keeps all data in your environment. No third-party processing. Fully aligned with your existing governance and security policies.

Because privacy isn't just a feature, it's a foundation and an attitude.

Set-OutlookSignatures is built with privacy at it's core. With an architecture developed from practical experience for practical use, with a focus on work simplification and data protection rather than profit.

## So why do other solutions not follow this principle?
I guess it comes down to money. All signature management solutions help automate tasks, relieving administrators and users, and taking a share of the financial equivalent of the time saved.

This share is increased by making the solution even more convenient:
- Grant your provider read permissions to your whole Entra ID/Active Directory, and they pre-calculate your signatures every 15 or 20 minutes.
- Re-route all your internal and external emails to your signature provider, and you can not only cover Outlook but all mail clients.
- Grant your provider admin permissions, and they take care of the Entra ID apps and Outlook add-ins needed. You will not even be informed about changes. 

All this requires manpower and a lot of hard- and software. Since these structures are not transparent, it is difficult for customers to understand how they influence pricing.

As a customer, you pay for apparent convenience. Appearances are deceiving, because all these tasks can be done quickly and easily yourself - without having to give another third-party manufacturer access to internal company data and even deliver it directly to their data centers.

## Interested in learning more or seeing our solution in action?
[Contact us](/support) or explore further on our [website](/). We look forward to connecting with you!